Y&S Accounting Our Team Our clients receive the added benefit of working directly with a highly experienced professional and well-credentialed staff, along with our sincere commitment to personal customer serv Melbourne Office (HQ) Director YARITZA SALAZAR I have more than 15 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent YARITZA SALAZAR I have more than 10 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Melbourne Office Manager JESUS RODRIGUEZ MPA and Financial Engineer from the Pilot University of Colombia with solid knowledge in finance, accounting principles, statistical data analysis, budgets, and financial planning with more than 8 years of experience. During this time, I have helped to improve the company’s KPIs by providing accurate and up-to-date analysis of finance and accounting information. My co-workers would describe me as an individual who is motivated, analytical, and more importantly passionate about taking on challenges in any project, willing to participate and collaborate to effectively get the results. Accounting and financial information are vital to achieve corporate goals. Every number, account, or register that I do analyse is relevant to accurately provide a real picture of the company’s operations. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Diploma in Project Management Bachelor of Financial Engineering Master of Professional Accounting Master of Stock and Financial Markets (Present) Graduate Diploma of Business Analytics (Present) Accountant LAURA MORALES With over 8 years of experience in accounting and auditing, I bring a strong background and a passion for the field to my role. I graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Universidad de la Salle in 2015 and earned a Master’s in Professional Accounting from Torres University in Australia in 2023. My professional journey has allowed me to gain extensive knowledge and experience in accounting, taxation, and auditing, driving organizational success across both individual and corporate clients in Colombia and Australia. I am dedicated to delivering exceptional client support and contributing to the success of organizations in areas including accounting, tax law, and financial management. My commitment to the accounting profession and my proactive approach in tackling challenges ensure that I provide valuable insights and support to clients, fostering their growth and success. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS • Bachelor in Accounting • Specialization Degree of Tax Accounting Planning •Certificate IV and Diploma in Leadership and Management • Master’s in Professional Accounting Alexandra Oliveros I am Accountant with over 4 years of experience in South America and Australia Market, graduated of Bachelor of Accounting from Santiago de Cali University in 2016. During my professional career I have always been passionate about tax and financial field, which provided me a high knowledge in accounting principles, tax laws and tax planning. Always willing to help individuals and small businesses navigate the world of taxes and gain a better understanding of accounting and tax standards. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Accounting from Santiago De Cali University Certificate IV in Accounting Diploma of Accounting Edwin Ortiz I am an experienced and motivated Accounting with over 8 years of experience in client-facing roles in the Career Development, Accounting, in the last 2 years as a Taxation Consultant in Australia, throughout my career, I have gained a broad range of skills and expertise, including Income Tax, GST, and FBT Legislation, accounting principles, financial tax reporting obligations, and partnering with finance and business stakeholders. I am results-focused, passionate about contributing to organisational success, and extremely motivated to take on a new challenge. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Accounting from Jorge Tadeo Lozano University Financial Controller Dora Saenz I am an Accountant with over twenty five years of experience in different rolls including accounting manager, finance controller and external or internal auditing. I have a great understanding of international accounting procedures and a high experience in different industries such manufacturing, health, and retail chains. This experience has led me to perform my career at high standards and to grow professionally consequently. I am very enthusiastic, ethical, and analytical, also enjoy working in a team environment. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree of Professional Accounting Certificate III on small Business Master of professional (Advance) Accounting Compliance Specialist Angela Salazar I am a Business Administrator with a specialization in International Business from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana. With over 20 years of experience, I have successfully held leadership roles in management and human resources, spearheading the launch of new commercial outlets for various brands. My extensive background in overseeing business operations and driving growth has equipped me with a strong skill set in strategic planning and team development. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree of Business Administration Specialization in International Business External Contractor GUSTAVO AVILA PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Public Accounting Master of Business in Professional Accounting Member of Institute of Public Accountant (IPA) Client Service Coordinator Yeimy Mendez I have more than 5 years of experience in customer service, providing effective assistance and support to satisfied customers, graduated from the Aeronautical Training Academy (AFA) of Colombia where great importance is given to good customer service, later implemented and innovated with what was learned in various work branches. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Quality management of airport services Cabin crew Labor technician in airport services Labor technician in hotel, tourist and shipping services Sydney Office Partner STIVEN LOZANO With over a decade in financial services, I hold a Bachelor’s Degree of Public Accounting from La Salle University, complemented by 7+ years of hands-on experience in Accounting, Finance, and Taxation. My journey began with formal education, leading to a rich career that spans various facets of financial and accounting services. Working alongside an esteemed practitioner for more than 5 years, I’ve excelled in diverse areas, including financial accounting, system implementation, auditing, and managing complex tax structures for individuals, companies, and SMSFs. My passion for learning and tackling new challenges fuels my continuous growth. I thrive on providing innovative solutions and astute financial advice to meet diverse client needs. I’m dedicated to precision, client satisfaction, and contributing positively to the world of accounting and financial advisory. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor’s Degree of Public Accounting Diploma in Project Management STIVEN LOZANO I have more than 10 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Director Yaritza Salazar I have more than 15 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Accountant JOCASTA DIAS I graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Universidade Nove de Julho—Uninove in Brazil. I have more than 10 years of experience in accounting, taxation, and tax advisory. Throughout this time, I have been responsible for consulting and planning for legal entities, calculating direct taxes, and coordinating individuals’ tax returns. I have also had the opportunity to enhance my communication skills, teamwork abilities, and customer service quality. Based on my experience, I would describe myself as a conscientious, hands-on, and savvy individual who maintains high customer focus. I am always energetic and enthusiastic about acquiring new skills. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Universidade Nove de Julho (Brazil) Certificate IV in Accounting and Bookkeeping from Australian Pacific College Diploma in Accounting from Australian Pacific College Advanced Diploma in Accounting from Australian Pacific College Susana Castrillón I am an accountant with more than 10 years of experience in accounting and advisory, specialized in tax policy and legislation. I consider myself as a team worker with great communication skills, I am efficient, reliable, proactive, very committed, focused and with attention to detail. I am currently undertaking a Diploma in Accounting to improve my professional skills and provide the best to my colleagues and clients. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS • Bachelor in Accounting Rodrigo Dos Santos I have a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Kaplan Business School and extensive experience in customer service accumulated working in different roles within different companies in Brazil and in Australia. I consider myself a friendly, highly focused and determined professional, used to working with teams and clients of different nationalities. My goal is to provide the best service for each one of my clients, considering their own financial realities. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Kaplan Business School Diploma in Marketing & Communication from Australian Pacific College Diploma in Project Management from Australian Pacific College Johanna Salamanca Motivated and highly disciplined accountant with a bachelor’s degree in Colombia and more than 6 years of experience in accounting, bookkeeping, and taxation, tackling industries such as manufacturing, insurance, and outsourcing. Great work ethic and attention to detail, seeking to assist the needs of Ys accounting clients through my skills and knowledge, providing and adding worth to each client that is part of the YS accounting family. Currently pursuing a financial planning diploma to broaden my knowledge in finance, investing, and building personalized financial plans based on the client’s financial goals. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS – Diploma of Financial Planning (currently) – Diploma of IFRS – Bachelor of Accounting Andrea Ocampo I am a financial analyst from Uniempresarial University of Colombia, with more than 6 years of experience in accounts, bookkeeping and treasury in retail, transportation and logistics environments. I have a strong track record in high-volume bank reconciliation, and a range of payment platforms, as financial analyst, I have managed, coordinated and monitored national accounts payable and scheduling payment on financial obligations ,including introducing financial reports to support decision-making and enhance control and adaptability. I am a results-focused, value-oriented Highly self-motivated and attentive to detail. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor of Finance and International Business Diploma in Project Management Diploma of Accounting Management (current) Accounting Clerk Jeniffer Olaya I have a degree in accountancy and specialize in employment and social security law, with more than 8 years of experience in accounts, bookkeeping, and human resources. I have a strong track record in high-volume bank reconciliation and a range of payment platforms. As a financial analyst, I have managed, coordinated, and monitored national accounts payable and scheduled payments on financial obligations, including introducing financial reports to support decision-making and enhance control and adaptability. I am results-focused, value-oriented, highly self-motivated, and attentive to detail. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor of Accounting Specialist in Labor Law and Social Security Diploma of Leadership and Management (Current) Bookkeeper URIEL CAPIRAL I have a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of the East (Manila) and have 7 years of relevant work experience, coming from BPO industry and Australian Banking Industry. Over the years, I was able to establish strong relationships with my previous colleagues and have learned significant set of skills that helped me pave the way towards career development. My goal is to seek a challenging and rewarding career that indulges professional growth while allowing me to utilize the skills and knowledge that I learned. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting Brisbane Office Brisbane Office Manager SEBASTIAN GARCIA I provide a comprehensive range of professional accounting and business services to Y&S Accounting’s clients – all with the aim of helping them succeed in business. I work with individuals and small to medium enterprises to structure their tax, accounts and finances to maximise financial and business outcomes and to adopt effective accounting software and systems. I have 5 years of accounting experience between Chile and Australia as well as the ability to interact with clients and work as part of the team at Y&S Accounting. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Management majoring in Economic and Finance Certificate IV in Small Business Management SEBASTIAN GARCIA I provide a comprehensive range of professional accounting and business services to Y&S Accounting’s clients – all with the aim of helping them succeed in business. I work with individuals and small to medium enterprises to structure their tax, accounts and finances to maximise financial and business outcomes and to adopt effective accounting software and systems. I have 5 years of accounting experience between Chile and Australia as well as the ability to interact with clients and work as part of the team at Y&S Accounting. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Management majoring in Economic and Finance Certificate IV in Small Business Management Director Yaritza Salazar I have more than 15 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Accountant Alison Cifuentes I am a graduate accountant specializing in finance with over five years of extensive experience in external auditing, particularly within the manufacturing sector in Colombia. My professional journey is defined by a strong commitment to teamwork, a proactive approach to embracing new challenges, and a dedicated effort to stay up-to-date with evolving financial trends and regulations. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS • Bachelor in Accounting •Specialisation in Finance Danilo Echeverri With over 10 years of experience in financial control and advisory across Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela, and the United States, I am a seasoned Finance and Commerce graduate with a passion for achieving new goals and supporting clients. My expertise spans financial accounting, tax planning, and financial strategy. I am committed to providing tailored solutions designed to drive success and meet the unique needs of each client. My extensive background and dedication ensure that clients receive strategic guidance and effective financial management. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor Finance and Commerce Specialised in tax planning, and financial strategy Thiago Noro Messias With over 10 years of experience as a financial professional and a degree in Economics with a focus on investment strategy, I have held a leadership role in Brazil’s auditing and consulting sector. My key responsibilities included managing a valuation team, overseeing mergers and acquisitions (M&A), and contributing to financial tax planning for companies involved in acquisitions. My extensive expertise in these areas highlights my capability to drive strategic financial initiatives and provide valuable insights in complex financial situations. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Economics Lorena Avendano I am a dedicated public accountant with over 8 years of experience in accounting and financial advisory across Colombia and Australia. My extensive background equips me with a deep understanding of both local and international financial practices. Specializing in tax returns for individuals, bookkeeping, and superannuation advice, I provide comprehensive services tailored to meet the needs of my clients. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor Degree in Accounting Accounting Clerk Katherine Trujillo I am an accountant with over 7 years of experience, holding a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Corporación Universitaria Remington (2017) and a specialization in Statutory and Forensic Auditing. My background includes extensive experience in accounting and tax practices in Colombia. I am recognized for my responsibility, dynamism, and integrity, which I bring to every task I undertake. I consistently evaluate and analyze the execution of assigned duties to ensure the achievement of optimal results. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor Degree in Accounting from Corporacion Universitaria Remington Specialization in Statutory Auditing and Forensic Auditing Adelaide Office Adelaide Office Manager Lorena Sanchez I am a Business Administrator with a wide required experience in finance and accounting fields. Through my skills acquired I understand the need to take an all-encompassing view of a business and not just the figures in its year-end accounts. I have experience of using computerised accounts packages and I am very good at extracting financial information from various systems. On a personal level I consider myself as someone who can bring new ideas and a fresh approach to any company without any trouble maintaining good working relationship with colleagues and day-to-day work contacts. Currently I am undertaking a Master of professional Accounting in Federation University of Ballarat taking the most of this experience in order to continue enhancement my professional career. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Business Administration Diploma of Finance Master of Professional Accounting Lorena Sanchez I am a Business Administrator with a wide required experience in finance and accounting fields. Through my skills acquired I understand the need to take an all-encompassing view of a business and not just the figures in its year-end accounts. I have experience of using computerised accounts packages and I am very good at extracting financial information from various systems. On a personal level I consider myself as someone who can bring new ideas and a fresh approach to any company without any trouble maintaining good working relationship with colleagues and day-to-day work contacts. Currently I am undertaking a Master of professional Accounting in Federation University of Ballarat taking the most of this experience in order to continue enhancement my professional career. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Business Administration Diploma of Finance Master of Professional Accounting (present) Director Yaritza Salazar I have more than 15 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Accountant Luis Vega I am an accountant and auditor with over 8 years of experience. I hold a Bachelor’s degree in Public Accounting and Auditing from La Serena University in Chile, and a Master’s in Professional Accounting (Advanced) from Torrens University in Australia. I have extensive experience in accounting, tax law, external auditing, and internal control review. I am highly skilled in resolving financial issues and am dedicated to maintaining strong, trustworthy relationships with my clients, helping them meet their obligations and improve their overall financial and tax positions PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor’s degree in public Accounting and Audit Diploma in Accounting Advance Diploma in Accounting Master of Professional Accounting Marketing Specialist Andrea Riano I am a professional in Social Communication and Journalism with a specialisation in the Marketing area. I have knowledge and experience in External and Internal Communication, Social media, Marketing, SEO, SEM, Public Relation, Event planning, Design, Blogging and Media. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor in Social Communication and Journalism Specialisation in Digital Marketing Certificate IV of Marketing & Communication Diploma and Advance Diploma of of Marketing & Communication Master of Corporate Communication and Digital Marketing Operations Manager Sandra Giraldo I am a passionate Human Resources’ professional, with experience in the legal, management consultancy, and not-for-profit sectors. With professional experience in both Colombia and Australia, I am a quick learner with excellent organisational and interpersonal skills. Recently, I have balanced my post-graduate study while developing my professional experience. I have mastered exceptional time management skills with the ability to correctly prioritise tasks and duties as required. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS -Advanced Diploma of Management Human Resources -Graduate Diploma of Management -Advanced Diploma of Leadership and Management -Diploma of Human Resources Management -Certificate IV in Human Resources -Specialization in Commercial Law -Bachelor of Law Our Offices Melbourne Address Suite 4.10 level 4/365 Little Collins St. Melbourne VIC 3000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733P: 03 86099296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Sydney Address Suite 2/ 1 Kings Cross Rd, Darlinghurst NSW 2010 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Brisbane Address Level 37/71 Eagle StreetBrisbane, QLD 4000 Contact M: (+61) 439 095 870 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Adelaide Address Level 21 Office 2126 / 25 Grenfell St Adelaide, SA 5000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Perth Address 45 St Georges Terrace Perth WA 6000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Our Offices Melbourne Address Suite 410 Level 4/365 Little Collins St. Melbourne VIC 3000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Sydney Address Suite 2/ 1 Kings Cross Rd, Darlinghurst NSW 2010 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Brisbane Address Level 37/71 Eagle StreetBrisbane, QLD 4000 Contact M: (+61) 439 095 870 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Adelaide Address Level 21 Office 2126 / 25 Grenfell St Adelaide, SA 5000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au Perth Address 45 St Georges Terrace Perth WA 6000 Contact M: (+61) 0421 737 733 P: (03) 8609 9296 Email info@ysaccounting.com.au FollowFollowFollow Terms of Engagement | Privacy Policy Y&S Accounting Taxation Services FollowFollowFollow Terms of Engagement | Privacy Policy © 2024 Y&S Accounting