```json
[
  {
    "category": "about / trust-building",
    "content": "companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Accountant JOCASTA DIAS I graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Universidade Nove de Julho—Uninove in Brazil. I have more than 10 years of experience in accounting, taxation, and tax advisory. Throughout this time, I have been responsible for consulting and planning for legal entities, calculating direct taxes, and coordinating individuals’ tax returns. I have also had the opportunity to enhance my communication skills, teamwork abilities, and customer service quality. Based on my experience, I would describe myself as a conscientious, hands-on, and savvy individual who maintains high customer focus. I am always energetic and enthusiastic about acquiring new skills. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Universidade Nove de Julho (Brazil) Certificate IV in Accounting and Bookkeeping from Australian Pacific College Diploma in Accounting from Australian Pacific College Advanced Diploma in Accounting from Australian Pacific College Susana Castrillón I am an accountant with more than 10 years of experience in accounting and advisory, specialized in tax policy and legislation. I consider myself as a team worker with great communication skills, I am efficient, reliable, proactive, very committed, focused and with attention to detail. I am currently undertaking a Diploma in Accounting to improve my professional skills and provide the best to my colleagues and clients. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS • Bachelor in Accounting Rodrigo Dos Santos I have a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Kaplan Business School and extensive experience in customer service accumulated working in different roles within different companies in Brazil and in Australia. I consider myself a friendly, highly focused and determined professional, used to working with teams and clients of different nationalities. My goal is to provide the best service for each one of my clients, considering their own financial realities. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Kaplan Business School Diploma in Marketing & Communication from Australian Pacific College Diploma in Project Management from Australian Pacific College Johanna Salamanca Motivated and highly disciplined accountant with a bachelor’s degree in Colombia and more than 6 years of experience in accounting, bookkeeping, and taxation, tackling industries such as manufacturing, insurance, and outsourcing. Great work ethic and attention to detail, seeking to assist the needs of Ys accounting clients through my skills and knowledge, providing and adding worth to each client that is part of the YS accounting family. Currently pursuing a financial planning diploma to broaden my knowledge in finance, investing, and building personalized financial plans based on the client’s financial goals. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS – Diploma of Financial Planning (currently) – Diploma of IFRS – Bachelor of Accounting Andrea Ocampo I am a financial analyst from Uniempresarial University of Colombia, with more than 6 years of experience in accounts, bookkeeping and treasury in retail, transportation and logistics environments. I have a strong track record in high-volume bank reconciliation, and a range of payment platforms, as financial analyst, I have managed, coordinated and monitored national accounts payable and scheduling payment on financial obligations ,including introducing financial reports to support decision-making and enhance control and adaptability. I am a results-focused, value-oriented Highly self-motivated and attentive to detail. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor of Finance and International Business Diploma in Project Management Diploma of Accounting Management (current) Accounting Clerk Jeniffer Olaya I have a degree in accountancy and specialize in employment and social security law, with more than 8 years of experience in accounts, bookkeeping, and human resources. I have a strong track record in high-volume bank reconciliation and a range of payment platforms. As a financial analyst, I have managed, coordinated, and monitored national accounts payable and scheduled payments on financial obligations, including introducing financial reports to support decision-making and enhance control and adaptability. I am results-focused, value-oriented, highly self-motivated, and attentive to detail. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor of Accounting Specialist in Labor Law and Social Security Diploma of Leadership and Management (Current) Bookkeeper URIEL CAPIRAL I have a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of the East (Manila) and have 7 years of relevant work experience, coming from BPO industry and Australian Banking Industry. Over the years, I was able to establish strong relationships with my previous colleagues and have learned significant set of skills that helped me pave the way towards career development. My goal is to seek a challenging and rewarding career that indulges professional growth while allowing me to utilize the skills and knowledge that I learned. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting Brisbane Office Brisbane Office Manager SEBASTIAN GARCIA I provide a comprehensive range of professional accounting and business services to Y&S Accounting’s clients – all with the aim of helping them succeed in business. I work with individuals and small to medium enterprises to structure their tax, accounts and finances to maximise financial and business outcomes and to adopt effective accounting software and systems. I have 5 years of accounting experience between Chile and Australia as well as the ability to interact with clients and work as part of the team at Y&S Accounting. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Management majoring in Economic and Finance Certificate IV in Small Business Management SEBASTIAN GARCIA I provide a comprehensive range of professional accounting and business services to Y&S Accounting’s clients – all with the aim of helping them succeed in business. I work with individuals and small to medium enterprises to structure their tax, accounts and finances to maximise financial and business outcomes and to adopt effective accounting software and systems. I have 5 years of accounting experience between Chile and Australia as well as the ability to interact with clients and work as part of the team at Y&S Accounting. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor Degree in Management majoring in Economic and Finance Certificate IV in Small Business Management Director Yaritza Salazar I have more than 15 years of experience in the provision of financial/accounting services. I graduated from Bond University in 2004 with a bachelor of commerce majoring in accounting and completed my CPA in 2007. The combined exposure to high net worth clients at various companies throughout my career, as well as individuals and businesses at my own practice has given me a very broad view of accounting and taxation matters. The experience gained so far has provided me with the necessary knowledge to advise a diverse range of clients with business and tax services. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS Bachelor of Commerce – Major in Accounting CPA Member Certificate of Public Practice Registered Tax Agent ASIC Registered SMSF Auditor ASIC Registered Agent Accountant Alison Cifuentes I am a graduate accountant specializing in finance with over five years of extensive experience in external auditing, particularly within the manufacturing sector in Colombia. My professional journey is defined by a strong commitment to teamwork, a proactive approach to embracing new challenges, and a dedicated effort to stay up-to-date with evolving financial trends and regulations. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS • Bachelor in Accounting •Specialisation in Finance Danilo Echeverri With over 10 years of experience in financial control and advisory across Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela, and the United States, I am a seasoned Finance and Commerce graduate with a passion for achieving new goals and supporting clients. My expertise spans financial accounting, tax planning, and financial strategy. I am committed to providing tailored solutions designed to drive success and meet the unique needs of each client. My extensive background and dedication ensure that clients receive strategic guidance and effective financial management. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor Finance and Commerce Specialised in tax planning, and financial strategy Thiago Noro Messias With over 10 years of experience as a financial professional and a degree in Economics with a focus on investment strategy, I have held a leadership role in Brazil’s auditing and consulting sector. My key responsibilities included managing a valuation team, overseeing mergers and acquisitions (M&A), and contributing to financial tax planning for companies involved in acquisitions. My extensive expertise in these areas highlights my capability to drive strategic financial initiatives and provide valuable insights in complex financial situations. PROFESIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & MEMBERSHIPS: Bachelor’s Degree in Economics Lorena Avendano I am a dedicated public accountant with over 8 years of experience in accounting and financial advisory across Colombia and Australia. My extensive background equips me with a deep understanding of both local and international financial practices. Specializing in tax returns for individuals, bookkeeping, and superannuation advice, I provide comprehensive services tailored to meet the needs of my clients. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor Degree in Accounting Accounting Clerk Katherine Trujillo I am an accountant with over 7 years of experience, holding a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting",
    "confidence": 0.9
  }
]
```