1   Customer   Service   Handbook     CUSTOMER   SERVICE   HANDBOOK   A n Eclip se   handbook   for   your   community  2   Customer   Service   Handbook  3   Customer   Service   Handbook   Table   of   Contents   4   Introduction   6   For   the   Owner,   Manager   and   Supervisor   7   Creating   Good   Customer   Service   Standards   9   Elements   of   a   Good   Training   Program   10   Customer   Service   Standards   -   Communications   13   Customer   Service   Standards   -   Housekeeping   14   Customer Service Standards  -   Restaurant/Dining Room   16   Customer Service Tips  17   The   Hallmark   of   Hospitality   19   General   Dos   and   Don’ts   of   Hospitality   20   How well do you   k now your  community?   21   What   to   do   when   a   customer   complains?   22   Conclusion  4   Customer   Service   Handbook       Introduction     The person on the receiving end of your  company’s   product   and   service   is   often   referred  to as “customer,” “guest,” “client,” “tourist,”  and   “visitor.” One thing  is certain; these people  are looking for a quality experience from the  beginning. In fact, they are expecting it! If   their expectations are not met, they become  disappointed and often take their business  elsewhere. So we can clearly see that quality  does h ave value.       Quality is a process.   There are performance standards that must be  in place.   These must be communicated and implemented at all levels  in the establishment.   They require leadership from the manager or  owner.   These customer service standards nee d to be monitored,  reviewed, and updated regularly.   Customer   expectation   must   be   recognized   and   acted   upon.   Ask yourself if your definition of quality is the same as what the  customer expects. Our customers are educated, perceptive and  demanding.   When they   make a reservation, order a meal, book a  guided trip, or check into a room, they have certain expectations.  You must identify whether you are falling short, meeting or  exceeding their expectation of quality.     Your   success   is   built   on   how  well   you   deliver!   This   customer   service   handbook   attempts   to   provide   tips,   popular  dos and don’ts, helpful hints, and checklists as well as proven   best practices in a customer setting. It addresses the view from  management,   staff   and   the   customer   and   their   role   in   the   chai n   of  the Quality Service Experience.  5   Customer   Service   Handbook   A   Customer   or Tourists  is:   ► The most important person  we   do   business with ► Not dependent  on   us; rather  we   on   him/her for   their  business ► Not  an   interruption  of   our work but the purpose for  it ► A person who expects satisfaction and value for   money  spent ► An educated consumer who is aware  of  your   competition ► A  person who should be treated with respect and   cared for  to   the best  of   your ability,  no   matter who   they  are ► A person  to   build a future with ► A source  of   information  to   help improv e   our business ► A pleasure  to  serve ► An   opportunity, not  an   imposition ©   Fritz   Mueller  6   Customer   Service   Handbook   For   O wners, Managers   and   Supervisors   Two of the biggest downfalls of customer service training are that  the subject is either swept under the   “welcome mat” or it is treated  as a special training event only.   Hospitality   operations   are   particularly   aware   of   the   c hallenges.   Due  to the nature and diversity of most operations, and other factors  such as budget and time constraints, there just never seems to be  any time or money allocated for this purpose.   The importance of creating successful customer service standard s  cannot   be   overemphasized   and   relies   upon   the   initial   implementation  of the ideology.   Training is crucial, and perhaps the most difficult   step is maintaining and monitoring the customer service process  and results.  7   Customer   Service   Handbook   Creating   Good   Customer   Service   Stand ards   for   the Eclipse   Twelve   Keys   to   Developing   Good   Tourism   Service   Start   at   the   top   If you are in a leadership role you must first and foremost  lead by example .   Your words   and   actions   must correspond accordingly so  that the staff can model implementa tion based on the   clear example.   Measure   First   Before embarking on a major customer service safari, such  as Eclipse of 2024 - assess your current service level and  identify what needs attention and improvement.   Traditional data such as customer letters,  complaints,  feedback and surveys are tools   to   get   you   started.   Don’t   forget   to   approach   your   staff because they have firsthand  experience in the matter.   Make   a  training  plan   Goals related to customer service need to be a  component  within the   eclipse strategy. Al ign with core  values you already incorporate   and   make   their   way   to   the   training   floor.   Make service a priority in your business.   Train  staff / volunteers   and make them accountable   While  managers work in a customer service  envir onment  da ily,   they play a critical role in the service challenge and  are responsible for providing leadership.   Managers must   have   the mind and skill set to  lead staff  and volunteers through th e days .   Stay  focused   Hotels and propert ies versus camping and land owners will  all have a different  focus  area .    While  there will be some  overlap , make sure you ar e focused on what y our  area is  responsible for .   02   04   05   01   03  8   Customer   Service   Handbook   Launch   Get behind  it  from the beginning and make  it  an   exciting  priority.    Deliver Quality not Quantity   Th e goa l is to serve the  gu ests and ensure  t hey have a  positive  e xperience.   Identify your barriers  to   excellent service  during training   Speak  t o staff  a nd work  w ith  t hem  t o work  ou t  ba rriers.  Use  w hite  boa rds  or othe r  brainstormin g  techniques to  discover what  y ou  w ill need  t o ensure  t ourist s  have  a  g ood  experience.   Measure Results   Usually, improvements w ill  be  obse rved  immediately  following the  t raining.  Your  employees and the  w ork  environment should appear more positive. The true test  of  re sults is the  le vel of  st aying power of  t he training  implemented.   Create a Process Improvement Team   Acquire a volunteer  or   assign a staff member  to   handle the  follow-up of  iss ues addressed in the training. Management  will work  w ith  t hese  t eam members.   Include Customer Service Training  in  the  preparation  o f the eclipse   Equip and empower employees with  t he  s kills an d  values  for the  e clip se . By  e stablishing them from the start you  align them with other trained staff  a n d  clearly indicate  t o  them  w hat  y our expectations are.   Reward and Recognition   Acknowledge your returns  on   a when  it  is a ll  over. Staff  want and deserve to know that  they  are  doing well and  also that  they  are  worthy  of  your investment  and celebrate   when it is over!   06   07   08   09   10  11  12 9   Customer   Service   Handbook   ►   Behavior   changing   activities ►   Service   standards   that   are   customized   for   your   own organization and work environment ►   Specific   modules   for   managers   that   may   include   leadership, standards development, etc. ►   Interactive   and   enjoyable ►   Enthusiastic   presentation ►   Skills   building ►   Relevant   comparisons   to   the   current   service   experience Whether you design your own or adopt a proven outside  provider, a training program meant to improve your service  standards should include some of the following characteris tics:   Elements   of   a   Good   Training   Program   Presentation:   What   you   say   is   important.   H ow   you   say   it   is  equally as important.   A   strong   presentation   usually   contains   the   following:   ►   Dynamic   start   and   throughout ►   Animated,   enthusiastic   presentation ►   Leadership   skills ►   Passions   for   excellent   service ►   Knowledge   of   organization’s   vision ►   Role - playing   exercises ►   Visual   aids ►   Break - out   group   activity10   Customer   Service   Handbook   Customer   Service   Standards   ► Communication The following are good tips that help provide acceptable service  levels in the area of telephone/voice mail and inquiry .   They   pertain   to   any   small   busines s   as   well   as   home - based  operations.   Voice   Mail/Telephone   Telephones should  be  answered  as  promptly  as  possible. Try  to  set  a  specific number  of  rings, and make  it  your goal  to  answer before the  4th ring, for example.   All employees or family  m embers should be  t rained t o  answer the  phone properly.  If   there are children answering the business phone,  they  sh ould be  a ble  t o give the  m inimum key  i nformation.   Answer all calls in  a  courteous manner. A scripted consistent  greeting works well an d  sounds professiona l.  An example  w ould be,  “Good mornin g,  West  O rchard, Susan speaking. How can I help  you?’   During business hours, a person should be answering the main  number instead  of  having voice mail  or   an  automated message.   Staff should listen, understand, and acknowledge the nature  of   the  request  be fore  t ransfe rring  any  calls.   Where possible, give the client the option  to   go   to   voice mail or  leave  a  m essage  v erbally.   All staff  a nd management  s hould adhere  t o a  polic y  t hat  se ts  timelines  to   returning calls and responding  to   enquiries. Same day  is  recommended.   A ll  outgoing voice mail (recorded greeting) messages should be  brief, current  and accurate.  An example  would be:  “ Hello, You have  reached Cass at Eclipse Gurus .  I’m out of the office until  June 1 st .  Please  leave a message  and   I will return your call as soon as possible ”   A  good  outgoing voice mail message w ill  contain the person’ s  name,  department, telephone  n umbers and time  a vailable.  11   Customer   Service   Handbook   Outgoing voicemail messages should have an optional number  or   extension   to   call   for   urgent   enquiries.   This   could   be   especially   important   in   the   case   of   relatives   trying   to   contact   guests   of   a   hotel,  or someone who wants to purchase your services immediately.   Learn   how   to   prioritize   your   daily   messages   and   enquiries.   Answer  the most important one s first.   If a caller is on hold, be aware of the length of time and set a  standard   for   this.   It   is   acceptable   to   take   that   person’s   number   and  call him back if you are multi - tasking at that time.   When   leaving   town   or   being   away   from   your   business,   change   y our  voicemail to provide that information so that your potential clients  are informed.   ©   Christian   Kimber  Written   Correspondence   -   E - Mails,   Facebook messages   The  e xchange of  i nformation  co mes in  m any  f orms. To  re spond  accurately  a nd timely  is  key. The  i nconvenience  of  re peating or re-  sending information  or   unreasonable waiting time can  be   interpreted  as poor service.   Any  w ritten communication  sh ould be  re viewed before  y ou send it  out  by   email, fax or social media messages.  To   send incomplete  or   incorrect information  causes delays and could  cost you  time  and  money.   CREATE A WRITTEN CANCELLATION POLICY! All responses should be  t imely. For e-mails, within  2 4 hou rs  is  acceptable but the same day  is  best.    All correspondence  sh ou ld  contain  a  “signature  bloc k” that  in cludes  company  n a me, person’s name, complete  a ddress, telephone  number, and e-mail address.   In   Person   Make   your   first   impression   a   positive   one.   A timely, courteous acknowledgment including eye contact gives a  good first impression, especially if the staff per son is on the phone  or engaged with another  gues t .   If   you   are   busy   with   a   guest   and   the   phone   rings,   or   something   takes  you away from serving the  guest , excuse yourself and then address  the new situation.   To  all   tou ri sts  efficiently  -   take a messa ge, phone  the person back or delegate the new enquiry to a   staff mem ber   and  then return to the initial conversation with the first  guest .   If   a   station   is   not   staffed,   such   as   the   front   desk   of   a   hotel,   have   the  hours   posted   at   that   station   as   to   when   a   perso n   will   be   there   and/or  leave instructions as   to where the   person could find   immediate  help.   Customer   Service   Handbook   12  Customer   Service   Standards   ► Housekeeping Always   a   constant   concern!   Cleanliness   and   tidiness   are   first  foremost   in   the   eye   o f   the   beholder.   A   customer’s   first   impression   is  always visual.   Building   and   Public   Amenities   Properly maintained facilities, which are sanitary, completely  operational, fully stocked and supplied, accessible and meet health  and safety standards is a key   element to your customer’s impression  of your ability to provide continuous good customer service. Hours   of operation, timely and accurately posted information such as room  direction, menu specials, and special announcements, are also   good indicators of a   well - managed business. Good housekeeping  can   be   over - emphasized.   Your   standards   for   cleanliness   reflect   your  commitment to showing your customers excellent service.   Avoid   the   following   inappropriate   housekeeping   situations   in   your  food service areas:   In   the   Restaurant    Food   Particles   on   the   floor   or   on   tables   and   chairs  Unclean   cutlery  Dishes   left   on   tables   for   too   long  Washrooms   unattended  Stained   linen   and   napkins  Dirty   Floors  Carpet   Odor  Cluttered   and   untidy   workstations  Stained   and   unclean   glasswar e  Stains   on   the   wall  Dust   on   the   ceiling,   lights   and   fans  Dirty   and   food   splattered   menus Customer   Service   Handbook   13  14   Customer   Service   Handbook   Customer   Service   Standards   ► Restaurant/Dining   Room Below are common problems and solutions to situations that occur  in the foo d and beverage environment.   Speed   of   service   Don’t   be   afraid   to   inform   customers   at   your   table   if   things   are   taking  longer than expected.   They will appreciate being kept informed on  the status of their order.   Professional   appearance   Make sure your uniform /clothing/shirt   is  clean and you are properly  groomed. Your appearance contributes to the first impression the  customers makes about your establishment. Chewing gum or eating  in front of guests is not professional.   Quality   checks   Pay   attention   to   the   body   language   a nd   facial   expressions   of   your  guests.   You can tell if something is wrong right away.   Visit the  table after you have delivered the meals as this will give you an  opportunity to correct any problems before it is too late.   Mistakes   If  y ou  ge t  t he  orde r mixe d  up, or something is incorrect  w ith  t he  meal,  don’t   be   afraid  to   recognize the error and inform the guest that  you  will  fix it immediately.   Forgive yourself! Customer   focus   Rather than gathering at the staff table or staff area in the dining  room, focus on making trips t o your customers’ tables to be visible  and available to serve your customers as needed.  15   Customer   Service   Handbook   Appropriate   discussion   Limit   your   conversation   with   your   coworkers   to   work - related   subjects  and use professional language and a proper voice level. Guests   do   not   want   to   hear   the   latest   gossip   or   what’s   going   on   in   your  personal life.   Hide   your   frustration   Sometimes things can be hectic.   When there are problems behind  the scenes, keep them quiet and don’t let your customers see your  frustration.   Workplace   issues   It is not appropriate to discuss work - related problems or issue with  your guests. Direct your concerns to the management or ownership  and give them the chance to solve your problem.   Closing   time   Don’t   rush   the   guest   but   rather   continue   with   your   respon sibilities.   The   guest   can   usually   tell   when   it   is   time   to   finish   up   and   pay  their bill.   These customer service  standards  are key to  ensure a  p ositive image for  Arkansas .   ©   Hans   G.   Pfaff  16   Customer   Service   Handbook   Customer   Service   Tips   ► for   Everyone Good customer relations can leave a lasti ng positive impression  that leads to increased return business by word of mouth.   The  following are ways to ensure customer satisfaction and prevent  disappointment:   ►   Follow - up   on   all   enquiries   and   sales   opportunities   efficiently. ►   Advertise   only   what   you   can   guarantee   to   deliver.   Be   realistic. ►   Inform   guest   of   any   changes   to   agreement   as   soon   as   possible. ►   Confirm   all   details   of   contract   or   service   prior   to   start   date.   This will prevent confusion and disappointment of something that was expected but not deliver ed. ►   Have   handy   checklists   ready   and   refer   to   them   prior   to   activity to eliminate oversights. ►   Make sure your communication system, schedule and equipment  are   failsafe a s some systems may not be working. ►   Be   on   time. ►   Welcome   yo u   tourists   in a professional and confident  manner. ►   Be   aware   and   follow   all   licensing   and   legislative   guidelines. ►   Share   knowledge   in   the   areas   of   culture,   history,   land   and   other pertinent information  as possible.17   Customer   Service   Handbook   The   Hallmarks   of   Hospitality   Customer service is the pillar for success in almost every business .  The relationship between the supplier, the product and the  consumer  require   dedication to  t his ideal every step of the way.   Include   the   following   elements   of   customer   service   in   your   day - to -   day interactions.   Acknowledgement   This is the first step for  creating respect and confidence between  the  you and the guest . It’s as simple as making eye contact,  smiling and taking time to speak to a guest.   T his primary focus  goes a long way.   Recogn ition   Make your customers feel welcome and important by remembering  their name, and referring to them in a professional and appropriate  manner.   (e ven though   you may be too busy )   Anticipation   Impress   your   guest   by   staying   on   top   of   their   needs   before   they   have  to ask you for them.    Flexibility   Be prepared with alternative options to  guests ’ requests. Sometimes  thinking   outside   the   box   is   require d   to   manage   your   guests ’ needs  to solve problems.   Knowledge   Ensure you   have the information required to complete the goals of  the job. Missing pieces of   the   puzzle   can   cause   delays   and   other   problems   contribu ting   to   an inferior service experience.  18   Customer   Service   Handbook   Skills   Along   with   knowledge,   skills   are   developed   through   eclipse  training,   and utilized in the ongoing customer service process.   Listening   Have a   “guest first” focus. Give  the tourist   your total at tention  to  make them feel valued.   Recovery   Mistakes   are   bound   to   occur;   how   you   deal   with   them   is   important.  Empower and train staff to handle negative situations. Remember  that the worst of situations can have a positive outcome if handled  properly.   ©   Lee   Narraway  19   Customer   Service   Handbook   Ge neral   Dos   and   Don’ts   of   Hospitality   The busy work environment of a customer service setting can be  stressful.   We are always under the watchful eye of  our customers.  Sometimes we are not aware of our own  behavior   or what we look  and sound like when working.   Dos:    Do   make   sure   you   are   presentable   and   meet   the   uniform standards of your company.  Do   come   to   work   with   a   positive   attitude.  Do   prepare   your   work   area.   Set   yourself   up   for   success.  Do   your   job   to   the best   of   your   ability.  Do   respect   your   co - workers .   Be   a   team   player.  Do   act   professionally   at   all   times.  Do   make   your   guest   feel   welcome.   Greet   them   pleasantly   and   treat them   with   respect.    Do   have   a   general   knowledge   of   your   community.  Do   know   where   to   find   answers   to   questions   if   you   don’t   know them.    Do   check   the   washrooms   regularly   to   make   sure   they   are   clean and stocked. Don’ts:    Don’t   leave   your   work   area   without   having   someone look after your customers.  Don’t   eat   or   drink   while   providing   service   to   a   customer.  Don’t   have   friends   visit   you   while   you   are   working.  Don’t   lose   your   temper   when   things   aren’t   going   smoothly.  Don’t   allow   others   to   bring   you   down.20   Customer   Service   Handbook   How well do you know  your   community?   Tourists  are often interested in spending   some   time   learning   about   your   community   and   its   history and culture. If you can answer  these common questions without hesitation, you will no doubt  impress your customer.   ► How   did your  town  get  its  name? ► Where  is  the closest  grocery  store? ► Where is the BEST viewing area? (hotels) ► What  is  the population  of   your community? ► Where are the library, high school, and college? ► How   do   I get  to   the clinic  or   hospital? ► What are  the  points of  interest  within  walking  distance? ► What restaurants are available? ► What  is  the lunch/dinner special? ► How   do   I get around town? ► Where can I find tourist information? ► What time  do   you open and close? ► Where  is   the post office? ► Where can I find  Internet   access  or what is wife  password ? ► What  is  the weather forecast?  *Keep this  current! ?  21   Customer   Service   Handbook   What   to   do   when   a   customer   complains?   ► Don’t   avoid the situation. ► Have confidence  in   your ability. ► Always keep calm. ► Acknowledge the problem. ► Ap ologize when appropriate. ► Listen  to   the concern. ► Evaluate the problem. ► Ask how you can make  it  better for them. ► Evaluate the solution. ► Explain how you will try  to   solve problem. ► Don’t   complicate the situation. ► Be   diplomatic and tactful. ► Never place blame. ► When you  can’t   solve the problem, get help from   someone  who can.  (which may  be  difficult   during  the  eclipse)  so remain calm ?  22   Customer   Service   Handbook    C  onclusion   And   the   reward   is…   ► You  get  to meet  new  people  from all over the world ► The  positive  response  you  get  from  guests  will give you   confidence ► It’s   something  to   be   proud  of   It’s   fun  to   care  about  doing  your   best  It will make your workplace a  positive  place  to be  at ► You  give  the  guest   value  for  their   money ► Some  positions receive  tips  from customers (extra  money  to   take  home with  you  at   the  end  of   the  day) ► You  impress  your  boss  and  show  that  you  are  an   asset  to   the   company ► Sometimes you  can  make  an  impression  that will affect you  in   the  future  such  as   new  opportunities  and/or  career   advancement ► You  set  an   example  for  your  co -workers,  and  are  admired  for   your efforts ► You  help  create  high  standards  for  the  company ► Y ou  contribute  to   an   overall  memorable  experience for the customer ► You  help  give  the  company,  the  community  and  Arkansas   a   good reputation  for  customer service. Your   success   is   built   on   how  well   you   deliver!  